-- Adrian Haro
-- Last Modified 09/20/19

--Note: I have 2 suggested project ideas
--            The first one is preferred.


Project consideration 1: Happy Humboldt Plant Based is your local market
 for healthy food choices. Fill up your nutritional needs to make sure
 you are getting the requirements needed to prepare for your daily life
 tasks. The store where people smile at the list of ingredients knowing
 you are fulfilling your doctoral recommendation needs. With so much
 on-going science about food come rediscover what “real” food can do
 for you. (can be improved).

At least 5 example questions for chosen scenario
What is the shelf life of product x?
What is the price per weight of product y?
What is the recommended daily intake on z ingredient for p RDI?
Which products  M..N are free from allergies y..x?
Which products N..M are  x color ?
What is the origin of product p ?
What is the top benefit(anti-scurvy) for product P?

At least 3 business rules
All products r expiring within 1 week will be removed and logged weekly.
All products b expiring within 2 weeks will have prices reduced & logged weekly.
All products x with an allergy must be labeled explicitly.
All sales are final, cannot refund for any product.


-- End of consideration 1

Project consideration 2: Birdwatching Buddies (No variation but copied
 for future reference)!!!

Scenario: This group of avid birdwatchers is committed both to building
 their life lists as well as doing all they can to protect the natural
 habitats of birds. They volunteer to help with a variety of local area
 clean-ups, and also work with local research projects, happily taking
 readings and measurements. They have regular social get-togethers,
 with guest speakers on a variety of bird- and bird-habitat-related
 topics. They also plan bird-watching trips, and events tied in to 
Godwit Days. Examples of reasonable variations: can definitely
 improve on the name; can modify the above to actually reflect
 how a birdwatching group or natural resources project would work;
 can modify for a different type of natural-resources-based activity


5 example questions:
How many x volunteers on y date?
How much y volunteer time on p date?
What o birds are found in location L?
How many x birdwatching trips in year m?
What was the F temperature on day D?

3 business rules:
-- A birdwatching trip must have at least 2 expert leaders and 4
	 volunteers or members per activity (clean up and/or birdwatching).
-- No activity can be longer than 5 hours per day.
-- Groups must be divided into pairs and any odd one joins a pair.
-- All damaged equipment must be reported.

